it's like three thirty in the afternoon
it wasn't gonna vlog much today just cuz
there's a lot of editing and meetings
but I've only had lacroix and cookies to
eat just finished up some sweet green
energies yourself so sip on Tekra what
else is there yes we may on the
Twittersphere on the internet
boosted board time to get some coffee
it's so good yes twisted to first my
verses 1
so good to have a fellow booster border
they haven't been alone for too long
it's true I do
so we made it
how is your cortado
portada prasad oh come on you're just
like all kinds of swag hey
this bag is so sick it's a cool bag and
where were you saying like there's a
version where a hoodie comes out there's
a blackberry pie radical through the
cell he's a black really but he's not
like
if rain anybody's inside of Mad Max is
your thing
well thank you for introducing us to
this lovely coffee shop it was fun I
don't so I don't like mochas guys i
figured out i don't like nope it wasn't
too good
just got back to the apartment for a
little bit but can i grab some more
layers of cold of cold and i grabbed a
few layers of clothes because it's
actually freezing outside according to
me it's probably not freezing to the
rest of the world but we're going up to
the empire state with reviews all
blacked out tonight that's where we're
headed to the empire state building is
in a part of town that is kind of
actually the worst
you're playing like human Frogger out
here something super fancy is happening
oh my gosh someone's getting married at
the new york public library
what's going on up there guys
oh there's like multiple braids so
apparently according to Sasha what week
is it it's like Bridal Fashion Week I
Leo from the Geo filters night is ok
that makes sense that makes sense ok
moving on so we gave up one Empire State
Building just because it was so lying
how it was just so insane it was like
really long outside the door and there's
literally like three different levels
Alliance which you get in
we're gonna try top of the rock
we get some pizza before yeah we can
walk okay okay
skate rink is open
oh my gosh
some cream
you here we live you're gonna rob but
the rock so top of the rock is actually
kind of special because this is where I
announce your city you guys remember a
little video i made called this NYC I
got some shots here and I was like I'm
moving to New York and yes and it was
exciting goodbye am for a night Empire
State if I top of rock it was real yet
again
still it still in
there were literally
chicks just
wedding dresses just casually like
waiting for a cab awesome meeting up
with Chelsea for churros sweet juris
big in there
sweet is crazy I had no idea
come home
I don't know what this is but it's
exciting they're leaving me tomorrow are
you excited that you have your turn now
say say bye to the vlog
Chelsea not too busy for this
you
I would give those doughnuts a
they were very good you need medicine Mr
benét ready yeah yeah so hanging awesome
Portland friends this here right here
Jeremiah star he is an oj subscriber
where did you find me what video I was
searching youtube for how to collaborate
using bisco and your beautiful piece of
work came up and I learned a useful tool
yes whoo and Josh Lee's to work at this
go yeah I did well by then I quit stuck
it to the man not really about this
domain mission this goes incredible if
you guys don't follow joe and all the
things all the things you probably
should so use a huge instagram
photographer but it also has a youtube
channel i do we're crazy might enjoy
yeah Sarah huge you know that you
commented on my first video okay within
like the first 20 minutes I'm like who
the heck is this girl and you like do
share count on your OB around like Sarah
and now we're friends you live in
Portland best thing we're thing the best
thing all the coffee Portland redo our
coffee will come to Portland hit me up
I'll show you the house coffee shops in
Portland the worst thing to fold one all
the starbucks that we have we are more
than as coffee cities I think in the
country maybe aside from Seattle there's
just too many Starbucks second-worst
thing traffic really yeah that could not
have any look for those amazing for now
I'm going to be honest been doing a lot
of traveling
wanted to stay in New York City but I'm
very glad I got to spend a short amount
of time i did in portland not to ward
the flight i was up here for a
conference I shot in that creative life
video and I'm back to in here for a
little bit and then buffer festival
bugger festivals right on the corner and
I'm super stoked about it yeah Portland
was good things I met a lot of great
people so until next time stay peachy ok
i watch the new episode of creative
spaces TV do it watch it now typical way
that people try to pronounce it show mo
Yoho me aha you guys making any videos
on Schmo yeah yeah my name is Evan
Gregory am Andrew Gregory we are two of
the Gregory Brothers the other two being
our brother Michael and my wife Sarah we
run the youtube channel Schmoyoho accent
on the yo what is going on fire to blast
I'm gonna
we're primarily known for songify this
and songify the news youtube series
where we take stuff that was never meant
to be a song and create a song out of it
it was never intentionally meant to be a
song it might have been like destined to
be a song in like a more cosmic sense
right that's what we see our job as is
kind of uncovering the songs that were
wrongfully hidden within ordinary videos